[android-auto] Add a minimum Android Auto test app and Android Auto extension. (#488)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: extension-androidauto/README.md

            authentication {
                basic(BasicAuthentication)
            }
            credentials {
                username = "mapbox"
                password = "INSERT_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE"
            }
        }
    }
}

// In the app build.gradle file
dependencies {
  implementation 'com.mapbox.extension:maps-androidauto:10.0.0-rc.x'
}
```

### Example

Using the Mapbox Maps Android Auto Extension for Android could be done using:

```kotlin
class MapSession : Session() {
  private lateinit var mapSurface: MapSurface

  override fun onCreateScreen(intent: Intent): Screen {
    val mapScreen = MapScreen(carContext)
    initMapSurface(scrollListener = carCameraController) { surface ->
      // Interact with the created MapSurface
      mapSurface = surface
      surface.getMapboxMap().loadStyleUri(Style.MAPBOX_STREETS) { style ->
        // Interact with the style
        ...
      }
    }

    return if (carContext.checkSelfPermission(ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION) != PERMISSION_GRANTED) {
      carContext.getCarService(ScreenManager::class.java).push(mapScreen)
      RequestPermissionScreen(carContext)
    } else mapScreen
  }
```

> More concrete examples of the gestures plugin can be found in our [test application](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/tree/master/android-auto-app/src/main/java/com/mapbox/maps/testapp/auto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More concrete examples of the Android Auto extension can be found in our [test application](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/tree/master/android-auto-app/src/main/java/com/mapbox/maps/testapp/auto).
```

#### Dependencies

> View [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for all dependencies used by this plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
View [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for all dependencies used by this extension.
```
